= RedisMountableBucket

 RedisBucket is a gem that acts as an api engine which mounts automattically into the rails application on installation.
 This gem is used to access basic redis methods such as storing data as key-value pairs, fetching the specified key's value, deleting the specified key's value or getting all the keys from the redis.

== Installation

=== The master branch supports versions >= Rails 3

Add the gem to the gemfile:
  	gem "redis_mountable_bucket"
  	
Mount the redis_bucket engine onto your rails app:
  	rails g mount_redis_engine engine

== Usage

rake routes in your rails application specifies these routes:

	Routes for RedisBucket::Engine:
	    store_redis_data POST   	/redis_data/store(.:format)    redis_bucket/redis_data#store
	    fetch_redis_data POST   	/redis_data/fetch(.:format)    redis_bucket/redis_data#fetch
	    remove_redis_data POST   	/redis_data/remove(.:format)   redis_bucket/redis_data#remove
		getallkeys_redis_data POST  /redis_data/get_keys(.:format) redis_bucket/redis_data#get_keys	
	
	e.g.
	localhost:3000/redis_bucket/redis_data/get_keys
	returns the json value with all the redis key details.

	The json format of the result for above api calls is:
		{ :response => "success",
		  :status => 200,
	  	  :info => "Successfully retrieved all keys",                      
	   	  :data => 'data from the redis'}

== Comments/Requests

If anyone has comments or questions please let me know (qbruby@qburst.com).
If you have updates or patches or want to contribute I would love to see what you have or want to add.


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally (redis_bucket uses Redis and Sqlite3.)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.


== Contributers

This list is open to all. You are all welcome :).

* manishaharidas (Manisha Haridas) - 
  * Github: https://github.com/manishaharidas


Copyright (c) 2013 QBurst(qbruby@qburst.com). See LICENSE.txt for
further details.
